[Linguist] Remove new backend system plugin options (#19270)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/sweet-feet-study.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-linguist-backend': minor
---

> **BREAKING**: Removing options from exported `linguistPlugin()` in favour of static config

Reviewer: Should we mention this is only for the new backend system? I'm not sure if just mentioning `linguistPlugin()` makes that clear

Author: good point - yes!

> Breaking change for the alpha export plugin options from exported `linguistPlugin()` in favour of static config.

Reviewer: I think we still want to have this prefixed with `**BREAKING**:`. Also we should include mention that this is only used by the new backend system. Maybe like this:
```suggestion
**BREAKING**: Removed the alpha export plugin options from exported `linguistPlugin()` (used by the new backend system) in favour of static config.
```

Author: sure - happy with it. still keep it as a `patch` though? :)

Reviewer: Good question, I think so as it's not a `1.0.0` version yet

Author: ok - updated to `minor`
